everyone knows Vancouver bums smell
great but highly assured us the views on
Granville Island are even better what
did you tell us Polly I said that the
view is beautiful from gravel island
you've led us to a boat it's a pretty
good view the last time you saw this
great view were you perhaps up on a mast
I'm even a couple stories higher just
describe it to us there's lots of lights
big buildings oh yes sound great
are you describing in the city man City
let's look at that night well surely
impressed we headed to the home of the
Vancouver theatre sports league we met
David who's gonna give us a few tips for
when we get up on stage what do you
think makes for good improv because I'm
pretty sure I've seen some bad improv a
good audience brings a lot of energy to
a theater just go with the flow the
players will blow your mind away with
her improvisational skills come up the
theater in one sentence in the style of
Bruce Springsteen it's like a boss that
was really quick Holly is my friend that
told me to come here and she wants to do
some improv to help me work something
out that I'm terrified
she gets her words mixed up with the
show about to start we headed inside and
confidence was running high highly
appreciate generous
yeah doing this produce is what I need
to protect it was fun watching the pros
but before I knew it it was time for me
to get up on stage we're going to do
with which one of us is going to try and
come up with a really good stand-up joke
based on the structure sex with me is
like and then we come up with a
hilarious
improvised punchline sugar it comes in a
bag like mayonnaise full of eggs this
movie is like mayonnaise it's been in
the jar so long it's spoiled like chairs
dry up the fuckin explain that one my
best wheel chair joke used up it was
time to call on the better half of this
dynamic duo I know I understand that uh
somebody actually championed to bring
you to Vancouver fred is that person my
very good friend Holly who I just met
today
we have in the hot new rims a company
that works out so what's gonna have a
haystack
you're gonna help Noah out and whenever
he needs a sound effect in the scene
you're going to help and uh Holly if
Caitlin was to accidentally step on a
cat you might go ah perfect it's open
I've always wanted to do an exorcism
I'll get some matches ever I can do it I
can do it just believe in me just once
so with a little help from some skilled
performers a great audience and 15 rum
and cokes Holly and I actually made a
pretty good team
how did this day meet up against your
expectation I had no expectation you had
you know and we connected because I got
to do all my favorite things
Oh perfect very cool
Wow she's a droid she's too nice and too
pretty science world no there's no
quality and fuckin dad we're dead the
hell we didn't survive the helicopter
it's hell you're right we're all out
there especially Brad yeah the trip
starts over
you